Motivation and Mindset: Note taking suggestion (#25793)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/introduction/motivation_and_mindset.md

**Solution:** Only compare yourself to your past self. Have your abilities and knowledge improved from where you were last week, last month, or last year? Be proud of the progress that you've made!

#### Counter Productive Note-Taking

> The Odin Project does not recommend taking a specific type of notes throughout your educational journey.
> 
> **Solution:** Note-taking can be time-consuming and often leads to wasted effort. Instead of using notes as direct references, they can serve as prompts for further research. The Odin Project aims to make you comfortable with reading documentation, which essentially acts as pre-existing notes made by someone else.

Reviewer: I've played around with your words, because the first sentence needed to include reasons. In addition, I suggested a few other words, such as removing the second mention of TOP, which seemed too repetitive. 

Feel free to use this suggestion or to continue to modify it.
```suggestion
The Odin Project does not recommend taking a lot of notes throughout your web development educational journey because it can be time-consuming and often leads to wasted effort.

**Solution:** Instead of taking notes to use as direct references, make notes that can serve as prompts for further research. It is important to get comfortable with reading documentation, which essentially acts as pre-existing notes made by someone else.
```

> **Solution:** People often end up wasting a significant amount of time taking notes on various topics, some of which may not be very important. The act of note-taking can also lead to bad code due to relying on obscure or outdated information that was jotted down. Instead, notes can serve as prompts for further research rather than direct references. In programming, most information is readily available online. Therefore, it becomes crucial to develop the skill of knowing where to look for help, especially when it comes to documentation. Documentation essentially acts as pre-existing notes crafted by someone else, we dont need to reinvent the wheel. 

Reviewer 2: [Typo]
```suggestion
**Solution:** People often end up wasting a significant amount of time taking notes on various topics, some of which may not be very important. The act of note-taking can also lead to bad code due to relying on obscure or outdated information that was jotted down. Instead, notes can serve as prompts for further research rather than direct references. In programming, most information is readily available online. Therefore, it becomes crucial to develop the skill of knowing where to look for help, especially when it comes to documentation. Documentation essentially acts as pre-existing notes crafted by someone else, we don't need to reinvent the wheel. 
```
